{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red59\green111\blue226;\red255\green255\blue11;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12540\viewh15360\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs28 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Give a one sentence description of your project. Please use the name of the project in your description.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Doctor Turk is an advice column that uses cash incentives and the crowd to try and generate better advice than any one individual. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What problem does it solve?\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When someone has a question that can\'92t be solved by googling it or asking their friends, where do they turn? Often to advice columns like dearcoquette or websites like Quora. This issue is that while the columns have a financial incentive to give good results (keep the website running and the ad revenue rolling in) the advice is subject to the biases of one individual. Websites like Quora have the opposite problem, a good selection of diverse opinions, but no clear motivation to post good advice. Dr. Turk is the solution to these issues, combining financial incentives with the crowd to produce the best advice possible. \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What similar projects exist?\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dr.Turk is similar to websites that currently exist like reddit or Quora. Where it differs is we are trying to use financial economic incentives to increase the quality of the advice. Instead of being motivated solely by good will, the advice will come from someone who has a clear incentive to give the best advice possible.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What type of project is it?\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Human computation algorithm\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Social science experiment with the crowd\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A tool for crowdsourcing\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A business idea that uses crowdsourcing\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Other\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What was the main focus of your team\'92s effort\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Engineering a complex system\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Conducting an in depth analysis of data\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Something in between\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How does your project work? Describe each of the steps involved in your project. What parts are done by the crowd, and what parts will be done automatically.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1) Initial Question: A user posts a question on doctorturk.co hoping to recieve high quality advice.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
2) Generation: The question gets posted to MTurk or Crowdflower, generating a number of 100-2000 character paragraphs of advice. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
3) Aggregation: After a certain number of pieces of advice have been generated (usually 5 or 10), a different type of hit is posted, asking crowdworkers to select the best and the worst pieces of advice. Usually 5 or 10 votes are tallied to ensure quality.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
4) Quality Control 1: The worker who submitted the best piece of advice will receive a cash bonus (usually doubling the amount of money they made from the hit). The worker who submitted the worst piece of advice will not be paid at all. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
5) Quality Control 2: A third type of hit is now posted, showing the workers the question and the best answer and asking them \'93Imagine that you asked this question, and this was the response you received. Would you be completely satisfied with this response as an answer?\'94. If the worker selects yes, they give a description of why. If they select no, they are asked to come up with their own new answer to the question and submit that.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
6) Iteration: If the \'91quality control 2\'92 step returns a majority of yes\'92s, the best answer is sent back to the original poster of the question. If that step returns a majority of no\'92s, then we return to the \'91Generation\'92 step, gather enough answers to supplement the responses to QC2, and proceed normally through the rest of the steps until a majority of yes\'92s are received. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
7) Completion: Once the crowd has deemed the advice good enough, it is returned to the user. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 The Crowd
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Who are the members of your crowd?\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Workers on Crowdflower\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
For your final project, did you simulate the crowd or run a real experiment?\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Simulated crowd\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Real crowd\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If the crowd was simulated, how did you collect this set of data?\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
N/A\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If the crowd was simulated, how would you change things to use a real crowd?\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
N/A\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
If the crowd was real, how did you recruit participants?\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Crowdflower\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How many unique participants did you have?\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf2 \cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
maddie will do this later today\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb4 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}Doctor Turk	Dr. Turk is a crowd sourced advice column - people can post questions to the web platform and the question is outsourced to mechanical turk, where the crowd produces and votes on advice. The best answer produced by the crowd is then sent back to the person who asked the question.	YES	doctorturk213@gmail.com	https://vimeo.com/163177200	nets213	"Dr. Turk is a crowdsourced advice column. People can post to the website about advice that they need, and a crowd-generated response will be emailed to you!\
We bought a domain name for our website. Legit, we know.\
Please first post your question to doctorturk.co\
\
Now that you've asked your question, it's time to be a part of the crowd that produces the response! On MTurk, search ""advice"", ""nets213"", ""doctorturk"" or ""jawn"". If there are any hits available, ours will be one of the only ones there, and the requester is ""Leeland Criso"". If there are no hits available at the moment, please come back again later! Once you're at the hit, a question will be asked, and we would like you to give the most detailed and genuine response you are capable of. A monetary bonus will be given to the answer that the crowd votes as the best answer. Also you can go to https://workersandbox.mturk.com/mturk/preview?groupId=36FIWAXJH5417V6HET9AZDCIQ213A9\
\
Lastly, we need to do some quality control to make sure that these responses are legit. Please complete some hits in ranking collected responses. On MTurk, search ""quality"", ""ranking"", ""response"", ""nets213"" or ""doctorturk"". If there are any hits available, ours will be one of the only ones there, and the requester is ""Leeland Criso"". If there are no hits available at the moment, please come back again later! Once you're at the hit, please rank the responses. also you can go to https://workersandbox.mturk.com/mturk/preview?groupId=3MDOH17PCJFNMXVXV2AKQQF4QU79AS"\
\ls3\ilvl0\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}